[RLlib; Documentation] Added atari pip installs to Pong-v0 example. (#20225)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib-training.rst

**Example: Preprocessing observations for feeding into a model**

First, install the dependencies:

.. code-block:: python

>     # the "Pong-v0" environment requires a few special versions of gym

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The "Pong-v0" Atari environment requires a few additional gym installs:
```
